[CURATED EXCERPTS] amat_10_k_20251212 — verbatim contiguous slices of SEC EDGAR full text (full doc 343,466 chars). Char offsets per section enable locator traceback. Source: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/6951/000162828025056742/amat-20251026.htm

===== EXCERPT chars 46700-50100: Business: segments & non-leading-edge markets (ICAPS), AGS 200mm, backlog intro =====
out the manufacturing process, helping improve chip yields. Our advanced packaging systems use our materials engineering expertise to allow customers to connect multiple chips together through heterogeneous integration, enabling them to advance the technology roadmap beyond a single chip, leading to performance and energy-efficiency improvements. Our Semiconductor Systems sales are to customers that serve the following markets: foundry, logic and other; dynamic random access memory (DRAM); and flash memory (NAND). Foundry, logic, and other is comprised of leading-edge and non-leading edge technology nodes. Leading-edge represents customers that are producing on the most advanced technology nodes, defined as 7 nanometers and smaller. Non-leading edge technology nodes serve markets such as internet of things, communications, automotive, power and sensors. 4 Table of Contents Applied Global Services Our AGS segment provides services, spares and factory automation software to customer fabrication plants globally. Through October 26, 2025, our AGS segment also manufactured and sold 200 millimeter (200mm) and other equipment to customers globally that serve non-leading-edge markets. Effective the first quarter of fiscal 2026, our 200mm equipment business will be moved to our Semiconductor Systems segment. AGS's transactional and subscription service products, spares and factory automation software is purchased by customers to optimize the performance of our large, global installed base of semiconductor and other equipment. These solutions are also used to optimize plant performance and productivity. Customer demand is fulfilled through a global distribution system and trained field engineers located near customer sites to support our semiconductor and other equipment worldwide. Other We also manufacture products and serve customers in certain other industries, including manufacturing equipment for the display industry. The financial results of our businesses that are not included in our Semiconductor Systems segment or our AGS segment, such as our display business, are reported in the Corporate and Other category. 5 Table of Contents Backlog We manufacture systems to meet demand represented by order backlog and customer commitments. Backlog consisted of: (1) orders for which written authorizations have been accepted, or shipment has occurred but revenue has not been recognized; and (2) contractual service revenue and maintenance fees. Backlog by reportable segment as of October 26, 2025 was as follows:   2025   (In millions, except percentages) Semiconductor Systems $ 7,105  47  % Applied Global Services 7,141  48  % Corporate and Other 756  5  % Total 15,002  100  % Of the total backlog as of October 26, 2025, approximately 31% is not reasonably expected to be filled within the next 12 months. Our backlog on any particular date is not necessarily indicative of actual sales for any future periods. Our backlog is subject to change, including the addition of new orders, potential amendments or cancellations of existing orders, and changes in export rules and regulations. Customers may delay delivery of products or cancel orders prior to shipment, subject to possible cancellation penalties. Delays in delivery schedules or a reduction of backlog during any particular period

===== EXCERPT chars 50100-56800: Risk Factors: China / export controls exposure =====
 could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Manufacturing, Raw Materials and Supplies Our worldwide manufacturing activities consist primarily of assembly, integration and test of various proprietary and commercial parts, components and subassemblies that are used to manufacture systems. We utilize a distributed manufacturing model under which manufacturing and supply chain activities are conducted in various countries, including United States, Singapore, Japan, China, Korea, Taiwan, Israel and other countries in Asia and Europe. We use qualified vendors, including contract manufacturers, to supply parts, services and product support. Our supply chain strategy commits to adhere to ethical labor practices, responsible minerals sourcing, Responsible Business Alliance and SEMI guidelines, and the Applied Materials Standards of Business Conduct. Although we make reasonable efforts to assure that parts are available from multiple qualified suppliers, this is not always possible. Accordingly, some key parts may be obtained from only a qualified single supplier or a limited group of qualified suppliers. We seek to reduce costs and to lower the risks of manufacturing and service interruptions by selecting and qualifying alternate suppliers for parts; monitoring the financial condition of key suppliers; maintaining appropriate inventories of parts; qualifying new parts on a timely basis; and ensuring quality and performance of parts. Research, Development and Engineering Our long-term growth strategy requires continued development of new materials engineering solutions, including products and platforms that enable expansion into new and adjacent markets. Our significant investments in RD&E must generally enable us to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. We work closely with our global customers and ecosystem partners to design systems and processes that meet planned technical and production requirements. Our product development and engineering, and process support are performed primarily in the United States, India and Israel. Our customer demonstrations are performed primarily in the United States, China, Taiwan, Israel and South Korea. 6 Table of Contents Marketing and Sales Because of the highly technical nature of our products, we market and sell products worldwide almost entirely through a direct sales force. We have operations in many countries, with some of our business activities concentrated in certain geographic areas. Our business is based on capital equipment investments by major semiconductor and other manufacturers, and is subject to significant variability in customer demand for our products. Customers' expenditures depend on many factors, including: general economic conditions; anticipated market demand and pricing for semiconductors and other electronic devices; the development of new technologies; customers' factory utilization; capital resources and financing; trade policies and export regulations; and government incentives. Information on net revenue to unaffiliated customers and long-lived assets attributable to our geographic regions is included in Note 15 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. During fiscal 2025, two customers accounted for approximately 19% and 15%, respectively, of our net revenue. Competition The industries in which we operate are highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological change. Our ability to compete generally depends on our ability to commercialize our technology in a timely manner, continually improve our products, and develop new products that meet constantly evolving customer requirements. Significant competitive factors include technical capability and differentiation, productivity, cost-effectiveness and the ability to support a global customer base. The importance of these factors varies according to customers' needs, including product mix and respective product requirements, applications, and the timing and circumstances of purchasing decisions. Substantial competition exists across all the segments of our business. Competitors range from small companies that compete in a single region, which may benefit from policies and regulations that favor domestic companies, to global, diversified companies, which operate in more complex global economic and regulatory environments. We could see increased competition from domestic equipment manufacturers in China resulting from local government incentives and funding as well as export controls established by the United States government to restrict the sale of certain technologies to customers in China. Export controls enacted by the United States government that restrict the sale of certain technologies to customers in China may also provide an advantage to our international competitors. Our ability to compete requires a high level of investment in RD&E, marketing and sales, and global customer support activities. We believe that many of our products have strong competitive positions. The competitive environment for each segment is described below. The semiconductor industry is driven by demand for advanced electronic products, including smartphones and other mobile devices, servers, personal computers, automotive electronics, storage, and other products. The growth of data and emerging end-market drivers such as artificial intelligence, the internet of things, robotics and smart vehicles are also creating the next wave of growth for the industry. As a result, products within the Semiconductor Systems segment are subject to significant changes in customer requirements, including transitions to smaller dimensions, increasingly complex chip architectures, new materials and an increasing number of applications. While certain existing technologies may be adapted to new requirements, some applications create the need for an entirely different technological approach. The rapid pace of technological change can quickly diminish the value of current technologies and products and create opportunities for existing and new competitors. Our comprehensive portfolio offers a variety of differentiated products, including co-optimized and integrated materials solutions that enable unique films, structures and devices. We must successfully anticipate technology inflections, and our products must continuously evolve to satisfy customers' requirements to compete effectively in the marketplace. We allocate resources among our numerous product offerings and

===== EXCERPT chars 163600-166600: MD&A: Semiconductor Systems net revenue by market, gross margin, leading-edge driver =====
l Services 6,385  23% 6,225  23% 3  % Corporate and Other 1,185  4% 1,040  4% 14  % Total $ 28,368  100% $ 27,176  100% 4  % Net revenue for Semiconductor Systems by market for the periods presented were as follows:   2025 2024 Foundry, logic and other 67  % 68  % Dynamic random-access memory (DRAM) 26  % 28  % Flash memory (NAND) 7  % 4  % 100  % 100  % Net revenue in fiscal 2025 increased as compared to the prior year. Gross margin increased primarily driven by higher net revenue, favorable changes in customer and product mix, an increase in average selling prices, and lower material and manufacturing costs. Semiconductor Systems net revenue increased in fiscal 2025 as compared to the prior year as customers continued to make strategic investments in new capacity and new technology transitions. Foundry and logic customers' spending in fiscal 2025 increased driven primarily by higher customer investments in leading-edge manufacturing technologies. Memory customers' spending in fiscal 2025 was higher due to increased customer investments in NAND fabrication equipment upgrades. Investments by semiconductor equipment customers are expected to remain strong with growth in the adoption of high-bandwidth memory and other forms of advanced packaging, continued demand for AI and data center computing, and for non-leading edge nodes. The Semiconductor Systems segment continued to represent the largest contributor of net revenue. Our AGS net revenue in fiscal 2025 increased compared to the prior year primarily due to higher customer spending on long-term service agreements and spares, partially offset by lower customer spending on 200mm equipment. Demand for services is expected to grow as our installed base of systems and chambers increases and customers renew long-term service agreements. Over the longer term, we believe secular drivers such as data center AI, edge AI and the internet of things, robotics and electric and autonomous vehicles will continue to create the next wave of growth for semiconductors and expand our served market opportunities. We believe device refresh cycles, such as those for PCs and smartphones, will also contribute to the next wave of growth. 30 Table of Contents Net revenue by geographic region, determined by the location of customers' facilities to which products were shipped and services were performed, was as follows: Change   2025 2024 2025 over 2024   (In millions, except percentages) China $ 8,529  30% $ 10,117  37% (16) % Korea 5,608  20% 4,493  17% 25  % Taiwan 6,857  24% 4,010  15% 71  % Japan 2,273  8% 2,154  8% 6  % Southeast Asia 1,076  4% 1,141  4% (6) % Asia Pacific 24,343  86% 21,915  81% 11  % United States 3,063  11% 3,818  14% (20) % Europe 962  3% 1,443  5% (33) % Total $ 28,368  100% $ 2
