SOURCE: Coherent Corp. FY2026 Form 10-K, filed 2026-08-14, SEC accession 0000820318-26-000020, https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/820318/000082031826000020/iivi-20260630.htm
NOTE: curated excerpt（Item 1 Business 與 Item 1A Risk Factors 的 InP／垂直整合／供應商集中段落）。
整份 10-K 純文字約 42 萬字元，head-truncate 會被 XBRL 表頭吃掉，故只留人工定位的段落。

f the holders of our common stock, the rights of holders of shares of our capital stock, or the market price of our capital stock. 5 Table of Contents PART I Item 1.        BUSINESS Definitions Coherent Corp. (“Coherent,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), is a vertically integrated manufacturing company that develops, manufactures, and markets lasers, transceivers, and other optical and optoelectronic devices, modules, and systems, as well as engineered materials, for use in the data center, communications and industrial markets. Our headquarters are located at 375 Saxonburg Boulevard, Saxonburg, Pennsylvania 16056, USA. Our telephone number is +1-724-352-4455. Reference to “Coherent,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context requires otherwise, refers to Coherent Corp. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. The following defined terms are used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: artificial intelligence (AI); bismuth telluride (Bi 2 Te 3 ); carbon dioxide (CO 2 ); continuous wave (CW); co-packaged optics (CPO); datacenter interconnect (DCI); deep ultraviolet (DUV); digital signal processor (DS

---

ower efficiency. Coherent is a leading supplier of optical transceivers for AI datacenter and networking applications, offering a comprehensive, protocol-agnostic portfolio supporting Ethernet, InfiniBand, NVIDIA NVLink, and other AI networking architectures. Our vertically integrated technology platform includes the in-house design and manufacture 9 Table of Contents of transceivers and many of their critical components, including lasers, detectors, ICs, passive optics, thermal solutions, and PICs. InP is a foundational technology for next-generation AI optical interconnects. We continue to expand our global 6-inch InP manufacturing capacity in the United States and Europe to support increasing customer demand, while also operating multiple 6-inch GaAs VCSEL manufacturing facilities. During fiscal 2026, we announced the expansion of our Sherman, Texas, manufacturing facility, entered into a strategic multi-year supply agreement with NVIDIA for advanced lasers and optical networking products supporting next-generation AI infrastructure, and received a $50 million preliminary memorandum of terms under the CHIPS and Science Act to support the Sherman expansion. Our portfolio also includes silicon photonics, CPO, OCS, and other advanced optical technologies that support evolving AI datacenter architectures. • Communications Market Vertic al. We develop optical communications technologies that enable high-speed transmission systems, transport networks, and datacenter connectivity supporting the growing bandwidth demands of AI, cloud computing, and next-generation communications networks. Our customers include optical component and modul

---

from limited sources of supply. • Increases in commodity prices and diminished availability of rare earth minerals and noble gases may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. • We purchase a significant amount of the materials and components used in our products from a limited number of suppliers. • Cybersecurity attacks and incidents and other vulnerabilities could subject us to costly damages, claims and expenses, harm to our reputation or competitive position, or disrupt our operations and business. • We may be adversely impacted by any of the multiple uncertainties and outcomes associated with the use and evolution of AI. • Natural disasters or other global or regional catastrophic events could disrupt our operations, give rise to substantial environmental hazards, and adversely affect our results. • We may be unable to successfully implement our acquisitions strategy, integrate acquired companies and personnel with existing operations, or capitalize on any decision to strategically divest one or more current businesses. • Our success requires us to attract, retain, and develop key personnel and maintain good relations with our employees. • Actions that we are taking to restructure our business in alignment with our strategic priorities may not be as effective as anticipated. • If our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings. Risks Relat