[CURATED EXCERPTS] GlobalFoundries Inc. Form 20-F FY2025 (filed 2026-02-27, full text 666,860 chars). Sections below are verbatim contiguous slices of the EDGAR full text; char offsets given per section. Source: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1709048/000170904826000022/gfs-20251231.htm

===== EXCERPT chars 67000-72800: Forward-looking statements / capex & capacity plans =====
nmental policies in response to changes to the U.S. government&#8217;s foreign policy positions), incentives and taxation affecting our operations relating to our industry; and &#8226; assumptions underlying or related to any of the foregoing. We caution you that the foregoing list does not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our strategy and future plans, future business condition and financial results, our capital expenditure plans, our capacity management plans, expectations as to the commercial production using more advanced technologies, technological upgrades, investment in research and development, future market demand, future regulatory or other developments in our industry, business expansion plans or new investments as well as business acquisitions and financing plans. Please see &#8220; Item 3. Key Information &#8212;D. Risk Factors&#8221; for a further discussion of certain factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by our forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. In any event, these statements speak only as of their dates, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any of them, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should carefully consider the &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; and subsequent public statements, or reports filed with or furnished to the SEC, before making any investment decision with respect to our securities. If any of these trends, risks or uncertainties actually occurs or continues, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected, the trading prices of our securities could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. As used in this Annual Report, all references to &#8220;we&#8221;, &#8220;us&#8221;, &#8220;our&#8221;, the &#8220;Company&#8221; and "GF&#8221; are to GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. The GF design logo, &#8220;GF&#8221; and our other registered or common law trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this Annual Report are the property of GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. Other trade names, trademarks and service marks used in this Annual Report are the property of their respective owners. 2 PART I ITEM 1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISORS Not applicable. ITEM 2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE Not applicable. ITEM 3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;KEY INFORMATION A. Reserved. B. Capitalization and Indebtedness Not applicable. C. Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds Not applicable. D. Risk Factors The following important factors, and those factors described in other reports submitted to, or filed with, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;), among other factors, could affect our actual results and could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf, and such factors may adversely affect our business and financial status and therefore the value of your investment: Risk Factors Summary Risks Related to our Business and Industry &#8226; General global economic and geopolitical conditions and related changes in laws and policies governing the terms of foreign trade, and in particular increased trade restrictions, tariffs or taxes on imports, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business and prospects. &#8226; Reductions in demand and ASPs for our customers&#8217; end products may decrease demand for our products and services and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business and prospects. &#8226; The cyclical nature and seasonality of the semiconductor industry make us vulnerable to significant and sometimes prolonged economic downturns. &#8226; Securing and maintaining design wins, in particular single-sourced awards, and managing our LTAs may present challenges to our business in differing demand environments. &#8226; We depend on a small number of customers for a significant portion of our revenue and any loss of these or our other key customers, including potentially through further customer consolidation, could result in significant declines in our revenue. &#8226; We rely on a complex silicon supply chain and breakdowns in that chain could affect our ability to produce our products and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business and prospects. &#8226; If we are unable to attract customers with our technology and services, respond to fast-changing semiconductor market dynamics or maintain our leadership in product quality, we will become less competitive. &#8226; Overcapacity in the semiconductor industry, including prolonged periods of overcapacity beyond the periodic cyclical periods of overcapacity, could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, earnings and margins. If we are unable to compete effectively with other sophisticated players in the highly competitive foundry segment of the semiconductor industry, we may lose customers and our profit margins and earnings may decrease. &#8226; Our competitors and Integrated Device Manufacturers (&#8220;IDMs&#8221;) have commenced or announced expansions and may continue to expand in the United States, Europe and Singapore, which could materially and adversely affect our competiti

===== EXCERPT chars 93000-98500: Risk Factors: single-sourced design awards & LTAs =====
r fluctuations in cross border expenses in the markets in which we operate, as we have experienced in recent years, may affect our business by increasing costs of our manufacturing inputs and by decreasing demand for our customers&#8217; products. Increases in inflation rates in the markets in which we operate may lead us to experience higher costs related to labor, energy, water, transportation, research and development, wafer and other raw materials costs from suppliers. Because our business is, and will continue to be, largely dependent on the requirements of both consumer and industrial high-end technology product suppliers for our services, downturns in this broad industry will likely lead to reduced demand for our products and services. Demand for our customers&#8217; end products is affected by seasonal variations in market conditions that contribute to the fluctuations of demand and prices for semiconductor services and products. The seasonal sales trends for semiconductor services and products closely mirror those for automotive, consumer electronics, communication and computer sales. These seasonal variations, and seasonal variation changes that we cannot anticipate, may result in increased volatility in our results of operations and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business and prospects. Securing and maintaining design wins, in particular single-sourced awards, and managing our LTAs may present challenges to our business in differing demand environments. We endeavor to utilize our existing manufacturing capacity and pursue growth beyond our existing capacity via a design funnel to design award process, with the aim of securing as many single-sourced awards through differentiation as possible. We define single-sourced products as those that we believe can only be manufactured with our technology and cannot be manufactured elsewhere without significant customer redesigns. Given the time and costs associated with moving a single-sourced product to a competitor, clients are more likely to continue awarding us single-source contracts for such products. If we are unable to fill the funnel and convert enough opportunities into design wins and ultimately awards due to differentiation, pricing, competition, or any other reasons, there will be a material adverse impact on our financial performance. In past years, and especially during peak periods of demand when global supply is tight, we were able to sell reserved production capacity through LTAs as opposed to shorter contracts or via more traditional purchase order based contracts. In light of current demand dynamics, our ability to enter into LTAs has diminished, and the focus of our commercial operations has shifted to building a wider funnel of potential customers across a breadth of end markets, aiming to secure more single-sourced design wins. Notwithstanding this shift in industry dynamics, we continue to have significant existing LTAs, which continue to be an important part of our strategy, for certain longer term, more durable end markets, such as automotive. Entering into LTAs to secure supply contractually is subject to certain risks, which can be magnified in the case of unpredictable market demand, including: customers defaulting on their obligations to us, which may include significant payment obligations and customers seeking to renegotiate key terms of their contracts, such as pricing and specified volume commitments, in the event market conditions change during the contract term. Against the current backdrop of macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty, some customers under LTAs have requested to adjust their demand outlook downward and have sought renegotiation of their LTAs. We have renegotiated a number of LTAs with certain of our customers, including in 2025, as a result of which some of our LTAs now have longer commitment periods over which the customer may purchase the same volume as originally negotiated, and some of our LTAs have lower pricing or volume commitments than originally negotiated. We expect a more limited number of these discussions to continue into 2026. We also face the risk that we may be unable to extend contracts when they expire and cannot backfill with additional customer demand. If we are unsuccessful in preserving the economic benefits of our existing LTAs in negotiations with our customers and we are unable to backfill that demand with customers through our design awards process, such re-negotiations could lead to a reduction of our revenue and long-term outlook. We must maintain sufficient capacity or expand our capacity in a timely manner, as well as manage manufacturing risks detailed elsewhere in these &#8220;Risk Factors,&#8221; to meet anticipated customer demand for our products and capacity reservation 7 commitments we have made to our customers. We have entered into multiple LTAs that provide for significant customer commitments in return for capacity reservation commitments from us. If we&#8217;re unable to meet the capacity reservation commitments, we face the risk of defaulting on our obligations to our customers, which could result in us owing substantial cash penalties to our customers. Capacity reserved for certain customers could also prevent us from securing potentially more profitable business. If we overestimate customer demand or a customer defaults on its contractual obligations to us, we could experience underutilization of

===== EXCERPT chars 114500-129000: Risk Factors: competition, technology nodes, essential chip capacity (CHIPS Act), capex funding =====
s to external design enablement capabilities; &#8226; technology leadership and differentiation, coupled with a strong patent portfolio; &#8226; price; &#8226; cost management; &#8226; time-to-volume production and cycle time; &#8226; time-to-market; &#8226; investment in R&amp;D and related quality of results; &#8226; manufacturing yields; &#8226; optimization of the technology mix of wafer production at particular process technology nodes; &#8226; design/technology interaction and resulting chip reliability; &#8226; customer service and design support; &#8226; management expertise and core engineering/technical talent; &#8226; the ability to access integration of advanced packaging solutions; and &#8226; strategic alliances in both the private and public sectors and geographic diversification. We may fail to compete successfully in any one or more of these elements, any or all of which could impair our business performance and our ability to scale our operations in a way that adequately responds to our long-term strategy. Our ability to compete successfully also depends on factors partially outside of our control, including component supply, intellectual property, including cell libraries that our customers embed in their product designs, and industry and general economic trends. Our competitors and IDMs have commenced or announced expansions and may continue to expand in the United States, Europe and Singapore, which could materially and adversely affect our competitive position. TSMC, Samsung, Intel, Texas Instruments and others have commenced construction or initiated plans to develop new fabs and substantially increase their manufacturing capacity in the United States, and other competitors may seek to do likewise. Similarly, our competitors are developing or seeking to develop new fabs in Europe and Singapore (including TSMC and UMC in Dresden, Germany, and Singapore, respectively) and substantially increase their manufacturing capacity. Such expansions may increase the attractiveness of our competitors to customers who wish to utilize fabs located in the United States or Europe, use geographically dispersed suppliers or mitigate risks posed by geopolitical tensions and export 10 controls. Further, it may lead to increased competition for funding and talent in those jurisdictions. This increased competition could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business and prospects. The semiconductor industry is capital-intensive and, if we are unable to invest the necessary capital to operate and grow our business, we may not remain competitive. To remain competitive and comply with evolving regulatory requirements, we must constantly improve our facilities and process technologies and carry out extensive R&amp;D, each of which requires investment of significant amounts of capital. The costs of manufacturing facilities and semiconductor manufacturing equipment continue to rise and because we operate primarily in countries with higher labor and overhead costs relative to many of our competitors, we are exposed to higher costs than some of our peers. Our actual expenditures may exceed our planned spend due to global economic and industry-wide equipment or material price increases during the long lead time to build capacity. Given the fixed-cost nature of our business, we have in the past incurred, and may in the future incur, operating losses if our revenue and planned cost reductions do not adequately offset the impact of our capital expenditures and the cost of financing these expenditures. We invest significantly in R&amp;D, and to the extent our R&amp;D efforts are unsuccessful, our competitive position may be harmed and we may not be able to realize a return on our investments. To compete successfully, we must maintain a successful R&amp;D effort, develop new product technologies, features and manufacturing processes, and improve our existing products and services, technologies and processes. Our R&amp;D efforts may not deliver the benefits we anticipate. To the extent we do not timely introduce new technologies and features relative to competitors, we could face cost, product performance, and time-to-market disadvantages, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business and prospects. Financing, including equity capital, debt financing, customer co-investments and government subsidies, may not be available on commercially acceptable terms or at all. Any additional debt financing we may undertake could require debt service and financial and operational requirements that could adversely affect our business. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash or raise sufficient capital to meet both our debt service and capital investment requirements, or if we are unable to raise required capital on favorable terms when needed, we may be forced to curtail revenue expansion plans or delay capital investment, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business and prospects. Subject to market requirements and customer demand as well as receipt of expected government funding, among other factors, GF plans to invest more than $16 billion over the next 10 or more years across our Fab 8 facility and our Fab 9 facility. There is no guarantee at this time as to when or if GF will complete the work and how (or to what degree) the total $16 billion investment will be allocated to each year over the next 10 or more years (or that the total amount actually invested will be $16 billion or more). GF has announced plans to execute such investments through public-private partnerships with support from the federal and state governments, but such plans are subject to GF receiving such support in the manner and on the timelines expected, and may be subject to change. There can be no assurance these projects will not be delayed or otherwise impacted if we are unable to secure the funding we expect. In the event we have invested a substantial portion of our expected $16 billion into these projects and we are not able to receive the governmental funding described above (or if they seek to recover any subsidies or grants from us), these projects may be indefinitely delayed until we can secure sufficient funding to complete them, and we may not see returns on our $16 billion investment until we do. See the following Risk Factor for more details. We receive subsidies and grants in certain countries and regions in which we operate, and a reduction in the amount of governmental funding available to us, demands for repayment and/or other contractual restrictions related to government grants could increase our costs, affect our results of operations, and limit our flexibility to pursue changes in business strategy or transactions that may increase shareholder value. As is the case with other large semiconductor companies, we receive subsidies and grants from governments in certain countries and regions in which we operate. In response to increased geopolitical tensions, national security and supply chain concerns, the United States and the European Union have implemented new semiconductor industry incentive programs. For example, the United States enacted the Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors for America and Science Act of 2022 (the &#8220;CHIPS and Science Act&#8221;) and the European Union approved the European Chips Act in 2023 (see also Note 3. Summary of Material Accounting Policies to ou r Annual Consolidated Financial Statements). These programs represent significant new sources of government funding for capital and R&amp;D investment for our industry, that we and various participants in our industry plan to benefit from. The CHIPS and Science Act provided for a 25% investment tax refund and appropriated $52 billion in grants to support the domestic semiconductor industry, of which $39 billion was earmarked for manufacturing capacity expansion. The EU has enacted the European Chips Act, which is intended to provide, through its member states, significant funding to strengthen the EU&#8217;s semiconductor industry. Historically, we have benefited from these kinds of government programs (albeit to a lesser extent than others in our industry), and we intend to continue to benefit from government programs to help fund our expansion efforts. Starting in 2023, GF began benefiting from the CHIPS and Science Act and sought a refund for the advanced manufacturing investment tax credit under Internal Revenue Code Section 48D on its 2023 U.S. federal income tax return. GF anticipates continuing to benefit from this law going forward, which helped subsidize 25% of all capital investment made by us in the U.S. in 2025, at our Fab 8 and Fab 9 facilities, in the States of New York and Vermont, respectively. 11 In November 2024, the Company entered into a direct funding agreement (the &#8220;Direct Funding Agreement&#8221;) with the U.S. Department of Commerce for up to $1.5 billion in planned direct funding of Company projects in Malta, New York, and Burlington, Vermont, under the CHIPS and Science Act. These projects will enable us to expand and create new manufacturing capacity and capabilities to securely produce more essential chips for automotive, IoT (including aerospace, defense), and other vital markets. The funding supports three GF projects: expansion of our existing Fab 8 facility, construction of a new state-of-the-art fab on the Fab 8 campus, and modernization of our Fab 9 facility in Burlington, Vermont. In January 2025, an additional $75 million of funding was added to the Direct Funding Agreement to support GF&#8217;s plans to create a new center for advanced packaging and testing of essential chips at the Fab 8 facility. The Direct Funding Agreement contains detailed milestones we must achieve in order to receive funds, including with respect to, among others, capital expenditures, process technology development or process transfer and facility completion. It also contains restrictions with respect to certain &#8220;change of control&#8221; transactions, expansion of manufacturing capacity in certain countries, joint research or technology licensing in certain countries, as well as dividends and share repurchases. In 2025, we received funding for the achievement of the first two milestones for the expansion of the Fab 8 facility. In 2025, the Company executed an agreement with the State of New York to secure $570 million to further support the Fab 8 projects (the &#8220;NY Agreement&#8221;). Like the Direct Funding Agreement, the NY Agreement contains milestones to be achieved in order to receive funds, including with respect to job commitments, workforce development and infrastructure upgrades, as well as certain other requirements. We may be unable to secure other government funding at the levels we expect or at all, and the availability of government funding is outside our control. Moreover, should we terminate or fail to commence any activities or operations, fail to comply with contractual restrictions, or fail to achieve milestones related to government funds that we receive or upon which government funds have been conditioned, or should the government&#8217;s objectives with respect to government funding of semiconductor manufacturing change, we may face adverse consequences. In particular, government agencies could seek to recover subsidies or grants from us, seek repayment of loans or grants, could cancel, reduce or deny our requests for future subsidies or grants, or otherwise seek to modify the conditions for our receipt of anticipated subsidies or grants. This could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business and prospects, limit our flexibility to pursue changes in business strategy or enter into certain transactions favorable to our shareholders. Strong government support in China for their domestic capacity expansion, combined with strained economic relations with that country, could lead to underutilization or significant ASP erosion for our fabs. The Chinese government has invested heavily in its indigenous semiconductor manufacturing and has continued to promote the expansion of fabrication capacity for semiconductors. This has contributed to and may continue to lead to overcapacity and increased competition, in particular in the current and legacy node market. China&#8217;s decision to build capacity for China will likely have the dual effect of limiting the Chinese market (which will have a preference for domestic sourcing) for other global suppliers like us and significantly increasing the competition we face globally. We have a material amount of direct business in China, and if we cannot adequately compete with Chinese semiconductor manufacturers, our market share in China could be impacted, which could result in a material impact to our business and financial performance. The United States has implemented export controls that are intended to, among other things, prevent Chinese expansion with respect to certain semiconductor process technologies (i.e., 16nm/14nm FinFET and smaller technology nodes). Following the implementation of those controls, the Chinese semiconductor industry, with significant government support, has accelerated building its own foundry capacity, and shifted to focus domestic manufacturing on mature nodes (i.e., 28nm and larger technology nodes), and China's foundry capacity is expected to grow faster than expected demand at those nodes. This projected oversupply of capacity, if carried out as planned, will increase the industry-wide capacity and could result in overcapacity in the future and our business performance and financial results may be materially impacted. Further, the business we do around the world outside of China, in markets in which Chinese semiconductor manufacturers are our direct competitors, also represents a significant portion of our business. If we are unable to keep up with competition from such Chinese manufacturers, our market share in jurisdictions outside of China could also be impacted as they work to saturate the market, which could materially impact our business and financial performance. Further, there can be no assurance that the tightening of export controls and other countermeasures (e.g., tariffs) established by the U.S. government and other governments will mean

===== EXCERPT chars 155000-157800: Risk Factors: sole-sourced raw materials =====
ptable yields or experience product delivery delays in the future as a result of, among other things, capacity constraints, upgrading or expanding our existing facilities, transferring technologies between our sites or introducing new manufacturing materials (e.g., Gallium Nitride (&#8220;GaN&#8221;)). 16 If we are unable to obtain adequate supplies of raw materials in a timely manner and at commercially reasonable prices, our revenue and profitability may decline. Our production operations require that we obtain adequate supplies of raw materials, such as silicon wafers, gases, chemicals and photoresist, on a timely basis and at commercially reasonable prices, many of which are not commodities easily replaced with substitutions. In the past, shortages in the supply of some materials, whether by specific vendors or by the industry generally, have resulted in occasional industry-wide price adjustments and delivery delays. Moreover, major natural disasters, trade barriers and political or economic turmoil occurring within the country of origin of such raw materials may also significantly disrupt the availability of such raw materials or increase their prices. Further, since we procure some of our raw materials from sole-sourced suppliers, including raw materials that are significant to our production operations, there is a risk that our need for such raw materials may not be met or that back-up supplies may not be readily available. In addition, escalating trade tensions between the United States and China, as well as the conflict in Ukraine, have resulted in, and could further exacerbate, substantial price volatility and reduced availability of raw materials, including rare earth metals and natural gas used in our products or in our production operations. Similar price volatility risks may be presented by the conflict in Israel and its potential expansion. Tariffs, including those imposed by the U.S. on imports from China, Mexico and Canada, the global 50% tariff on most steel and aluminum imports and the retaliatory tariffs imposed by other countries, sanctions, export controls, other non-tariff barriers, and other measures undertaken by state actors due to global or local economic conditions could also affect material cost and availability. If the availability of such raw materials is disrupted, manufacturing lines may be stopped or significantly disrupted, impacting our supply chain, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. From time to time, including recently, we are advised of shortages of raw materials that could impact our operations. We currently are seeking, and in the future will continue to seek, alternative suppliers and substitute materials and work closely with our existing vendors to support their efforts 

===== EXCERPT chars 173500-177000: Risk Factors: manufacturing equipment from limited number of suppliers, long lead times =====
public. Further, remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays or cessation of service, unfavorable publicity, damage to our reputation, customer allegations of breach-of-contract, possible litigation, and loss of existing or potential customers that may impede our sales or other critical functions. Additionally, any such attack or unauthorized access may require unplanned spending and resources to focus on correcting the breach and indemnifying the relevant parties and litigation, regulatory investigations, regulatory proceedings, increased insurance premiums, lost revenue, penalties fines and other potential liabilities. Any of the foregoing factors could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business and prospects. 19 We may be unable to obtain manufacturing equipment in a timely manner and at a reasonable cost that is necessary for us to remain competitive. Our operations and ongoing revenue expansion plans depend on our ability to obtain complex and specialized manufacturing equipment and related services from a limited number of suppliers in a market that is characterized from time to time by limited supply and long delivery cycles. During such times, supplier-specific or industry-wide lead times for delivery can be as long as twelve months or more. Further, growing complexities of the most valuable equipment may delay the timely delivery of such equipment and parts needed to capitalize on time-sensitive and perishable business opportunities. Industry-wide demand increases for this equipment could increase market prices as well as the market prices of replacement parts and consumable materials needed to operate the equipment. Due in part to demand driven by significant new sources of funding in China as well as potentially other governments (such as Korea, the United States and Europe), the demand for semiconductor manufacturing equipment may result in longer than normal lead times for such equipment. Similarly, an industry-wide increase in demand may result in longer than normal lead times for such equipment or higher prices. If we are unable to obtain equipment in a timely manner to fulfill our customers&#8217; demand on technology and production capacity, or at a reasonable cost, we may be unable to meet commitments under our contracts with customers, which could expose us to substantial liquidated damages and other claims and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business and prospects. With the recent escalation of trade restrictions and increased tensions between nations, particularly between the U.S and China, trade or contractual restrictions may limit access to certain equipment and components. These restrictions may lead to increased downtime or increased development and qualification costs to find replacement equipment or spare parts. We may be subject to the risk of loss due to fire because the materials we use in our manufacturing processes are highly flammable. We use highly flammable materials such as silane and hydrogen in our manufacturing processes and may therefore be subject to the risk of loss arising from fires. The risk of fire associated with these materials cannot be completely eliminated. We maintain insurance policies to reduce losses caused by fire, including business interruption insurance. However, our insurance coverage is subject to deductibles and self-insured retention an

===== EXCERPT chars 282000-297800: Business: capital expenditures, government grants, essential chip fab expansion =====
 spanning three continents. GF was established in 2009 when a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mubadala, acquired Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.&#8217;s (&#8220;AMD&#8221;) manufacturing operations in Dresden, Germany, as well as their fab project site in Malta, New York. Since our founding, we have achieved the following key milestones: We continue to expand our global manufacturing capacity, including through ongoing investments at our Malta, New York site, new advanced packaging capabilities in the United States, and expansions of our Dresden and Singapore fabs. These investments are supported in part by incentive programs including the U.S. CHIPS and Science Act, European Union semiconductor initiatives, and programs sponsored by the Singapore government. Proceeds received from government grants related to capital expenditures as of December&#160;31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, were $148 million, $10 million and $138 million, respectively. Our capital expenditures including purchases of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and capitalized development costs for the years ended December&#160;31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 amounted to $722 million, $625 million and $1.804 billion, respectively. We continue to build on our core strengths with strategic investments that broadened our role in AI and expanded our semiconductor design capabilities. Our website address is www.gf.com. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report, and you should not consider information on our website to be part of this Annual Report. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information about issuers, like us, that file electronically with the SEC. B. &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Business Overview Since our founding, we&#8217;ve grown into a leading global semiconductor foundry, focused on delivering differentiated, essential chip technologies that enable billions of devices across a broad range of end markets, including automotive, communications infrastructure and data center, smart mobile devices, home and industrial IoT. We are the only scaled foundry with a global manufacturing footprint spanning the United States, Europe, and Asia operating for more than a decade. Our business strategy is built on three core pillars: 37 Creating differentiated, essential chip technology: We specialize in differentiated technologies engineered for high-performance, power efficiency, and scalability. These technologies support a wide array of critical customer applications, including advanced connectivity, power management, and high-speed data processing. Our portfolio includes six differentiated product lines: power, ultra-low power Complementary Metal-Oxide Semiconductor (&#8220;CMOS&#8221;), silicon photonics, radio frequency (&#8220;RF&#8221;), and feature-rich CMOS, and in 2025, we&#8217;ve expanded our customizable Intellectual Property (&#8220;IP&#8221;) offerings and RISC-V expertise, with the acquisition of MIPS Holding, Inc. (&#8220;MIPS&#8221;), a leader in AI and processor IP, to accelerate edge artificial intelligence and embedded computing innovation. We believe the continuing rapid adoption of AI technologies, particularly physical AI, is introducing broader workloads that are reshaping the requirements for semiconductors. Multi-modal sensing, distributed intelligence, actuation, memory and power efficiency are becoming critical for performance in the AI-driven chip sector. Our multi-year strategy is designed to enable us to compete in this growing market and increase in demand through our enhanced products and foundry capabilities, including through our recent acquisitions of MIPS, a leader in AI and processor IP, and Synopsys, Inc., which will allow us to offer a comprehensive processor IP suite tailored for physical AI applications. Delivering dependable, geographically diverse operations: GF operates four manufacturing sites globally &#8211; Malta, New York; Burlington, Vermont; Dresden, Germany; and Singapore &#8211; with design, development, and R&amp;D centers in multiple international locations. Our multi-site technology qualifications and geographic diversity are designed to reduce concentration risk and enhance supply chain resilience. In addition, through a strategic partnership with a China-based foundry we are proceeding with plans to enable our customers to access GF production, performance, and quality to serve their domestic Chinese demand. Building deep customer and ecosystem partnerships: We serve a diverse customer base of global semiconductor designers and collaborate with a broad ecosystem of IP providers, Electronic Design Automation (&#8220;EDA&#8221;) vendors, design service firms, and Outsourced Semiconductor Assembly and Test (&#8220;OSAT&#8221;) partners. Our design enablement capabilities and integrated partnerships help accelerate customer time-to-market and optimize performance across use cases. Technology Solutions We focus on essential chip technologies spanning digital, analog, mixed-signal, RF, ultra-low power and embedded memory enabling the connected, secure and intelligent systems that power the digital world. To meet diverse customer requirements, we invest in a broad portfolio, including ultra-low power and feature-rich CMOS, RF, power, silicon photonics, advanced packaging and IP. Our core technologies such as FinFET, FD-SOI (&#8220;FDX&#8482;&#8221;), RF-SOI, SiGe, RF GaN, BCD and high-voltage BCD, power GaN and silicon photonics deliver the performance, efficiency and integration needed to support next-generation applications in connectivity, power management and high-speed data processing. Our wide range of differentiated solutions serve applications across the following end markets, as illustrated below: Smart Mobile Devices Home and Industrial IoT Communications, Infrastructure and Data Center Automotive FEATURE-RICH CMOS FR-CMOS &#10003; &#10003; &#10003; &#10003; ULTRA-LOW POWER CMOS FinFET &#10003; &#10003; &#10003; &#10003; FDX TM &#10003; &#10003; &#10003; &#10003; SILICON PHOTONICS SiPh &#10003; &#10003; RF RF-SOI &#10003; &#10003; &#10003; &#10003; SiGe &#10003; &#10003; &#10003; &#10003; RF GaN &#10003; &#10003; POWER BCD &#10003; &#10003; &#10003; &#10003; Power GaN &#10003; &#10003; &#10003; &#10003; MIPS &#10003; &#10003; &#10003; 38 End Markets We serve four primary end markets: (i) Automotive; (ii) Smart Mobile Devices; (iii) Home &amp; Industrial IoT; and (iv) Communications Infrastructure &amp; Data Center. Our Automotive and Home &amp; Industrial IoT end markets require long lifetimes and high reliability; our Communications Infrastructure &amp; Data Center end market demands bandwidth and performance; and our Smart Mobile Devices end market prioritizes cost, power, and integration. Across all markets, customers increasingly value supply assurance and geographic diversity, which align with our global manufacturing footprint and multi-site qualification capabilities. Automotive Automotive applications increasingly rely on semiconductors for electrification, safety, connectivity and user experience. We manufacture devices used in advanced driver assistance systems (&#8220;ADAS&#8221;) &#8211; including radar front&#8209;ends and signal&#8209;processing components&#8212;power management for electric and hybrid vehicles, in&#8209;vehicle networking, body and chassis control, infotainment and telematics. Smart Mobile Devices We provide differentiated semiconductors for smartphones, tablets and wearables, enabling cellular connectivity (sub&#8209;6 GHz and millimeter wave), Wi&#8209;Fi/Bluetooth, RF front&#8209;end modules, sensors and sensor hubs, power management ICs, charging and audio components. These applications are highly cost&#8209; and power&#8209;sensitive and operate on compressed design and qualification cycles. Home &amp; Industrial IoT We serve the Home and Industrial IoT market, which includes connected home devices, industrial automation and control, building and energy management solutions, and edge AI sensing and compute applications. These applications demand long lifecycles, extended temperature ranges, robust security and ultra&#8209;low&#8209;power operation. This end-market also includes aerospace and defense systems requiring radiation-hardening, secure manufacturing and mission-critical reliability. Communications Infrastructure &amp; Data Center This market includes wireless and wireline infrastructure (5G, 6G), optical networks, satellite communications, and data center interconnect. Key devices&#8212;such as RF front-end components, transceivers, timing ICs, and optical modulators&#8212;require high linearity, low noise, power efficiency, and thermal stability. Data center deployments also demand high bandwidth, low latency, and energy efficiency. The following chart illustrates our revenue mix based on customer end markets: Revenue by End Markets 2025 2024 2023 Net Revenue Percentage Net Revenue Percentage Net Revenue Percentage Automotive 1,410 21% 1,206 18% 1,046 14% Smart Mobile Devices 2,678 39% 3,048 45% 3,023 41% Home and Industrial IoT 1,189 18% 1,267 19% 1,604 22% Communications, Infrastructure &amp; Data Center 745 11% 577 9% 863 12% Non-Wafer Revenue 769 11% 652 10% 856 11% Total 6,791 100% 6,750 100% 7,392 100% In addition, for a breakdown of our revenue by geography (based on the location of our customers&#8217; headquarters), see Note 31. Operating Segments Information . Seasonality Our revenue is subject to some seasonal variation and has historically been lower in the first half of the year. The seasonal sales trends for semiconductor services and products closely mirror those for automotive, consumer electronics, communication and computer sales due to increased holiday consumer spending. Customers and Sales We primarily sell our manufacturing services through a direct sales organization supported by technical account managers and customer application engineers, who work closely with customers to understand and meet their design and production requirements. This direct engagement is complemented by our GlobalSolutions&#174; partner ecosystem, which includes IP providers, EDA vendors, OSAT partners, and design service firms, enabling us to offer a comprehensive design-to-silicon solution. We also leverage digital customer platforms, such as GF Connect, to streamline collaboration, design enablement, and support across the product lifecycle. 39 Recent Industry and Market Dynamics Competition The foundry segment of the semiconductor industry is highly competitive globally. Our competitors include major pure-play foundries as well as IDMs that offer their own foundry services. We compete primarily in areas such as technology leadership and differentiation, manufacturing yields, time-to-volume production and cycle time, pricing and customer service, and design support. We believe that our global footprint is one of our key advantages, appealing to customers seeking geographically diversified suppliers. This strategic positioning is designed to enable us to provide a reliable supply of semiconductor products globally. Government Regulations In November 2024, the Company entered into a Direct Funding Agreement with the U.S. Department of Commerce for up to $1.5 billion in planned direct funding of Company projects in Malta, New York, and Burlington, Vermont, under the CHIPS and Science Act. We believe that these projects will enable us to expand and create new manufacturing capacity and capabilities to securely produce more essential chips for automotive, IoT (which includes aerospace and defense), smart mobile devices and data center and communications. The funding will support three GF projects: expansion of our existing Fab 8 facility in Malta, New York, construction of a new state-of-the-art fab on the Fab 8 campus, and modernization of our Fab 9 facility in Burlington, Vermont. In January 2025, an additional $75 million of proposed funding was added to the Direct Funding Agreement to support GF&#8217;s plans to create a new center for advanced packaging and testing of essential chips at the Fab 8 facility. In 2025, we received funding for the achievement of the first two milestones for the expansion of the Fab 8 facility. In 2025, the Company executed an agreement with the State of New York to secure $570 million to further support the Fab 8 projects. Subject to market requirements and customer demand as well as receipt of expected government funding, among other factors, GF plans to invest more than $16 billion over the next 10 or more years across its two U.S. sites. See &#8220; Item 3. Key information &#8211; D. Risk Factors &#8211; Political, Regulatory and Legal Risks" for additional details. We are subject to a wide range of environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, which guide our practices in areas such as air emissions, wastewater management, handling of hazardous substances, and waste disposal. Our products and technology subject to export controls in the regions where we operate. See &#8220; Item 4. Information on the Company &#8211; Employee Safety, Health and Well-being&#8221; and &#8220; Item 4. Information on the Company &#8211; Environmentally Sustainable Manufacturing and Operations&#8221; for more information on the Company&#8217;s policies related to these topics. Additionally, we are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, and counter-terrorist financing laws, and have adopted policies and practices reflecting our dedication to ethical business practices and regulatory compliance across all jurisdictions in which we conduct business. Raw Materials We use various raw materials during our manufacturing processes, such as silicon wafers, gases, chemicals and photoresist, many of which are not commodities that can be easily replaced with substitutions. Although most of our raw materials are available from multiple suppliers, we procure some of our raw materials from sole-sourced suppliers, including raw materials that are significant to our production operations. From time to time, we are advised of shortages of raw materials that could impact our operations. We work closely with our existing vendors to support their efforts to provide us with uninterrupted supply and continue to seek alternative suppliers and substitute materials. We regularly review raw material supply, and we maintain a safety stock depending on the critical nature of materials, typical lead times, shelf life and sourcing status. In addition, due to our global footprint, with fabs on three continents, we believe we have the ability to diversify our supply chain and leverage alternative sources for key supplies. One of the most important raw materials used in our production processes is silicon wafers, which is the basic raw material from which ICs are made. In order to secure a reliable and flexible supply of high-quality wafers, we have entered into multiple long-term agreements with the majority of our principal suppliers, the largest of which is Soitec. We believe the close relationships with our silicon wafer suppliers allows us to maintain a sufficient supply of silicon wafers. Research and Development We have a strong commitment to R&amp;D, focusing efforts primarily on delivering a comprehensive and expanded portfolio of highly-differentiated, essential chip solutions for our customers. As of December&#160;31, 2025, we had approximately 1,600 employees dedicated to R&amp;D. We invest across a wide spectrum of innovation from advanced materials and substrates to chip architecture, integration, and packaging, while also expanding service
