  
 
Sivers Semiconductors AB (publ)                                                    Tel: +46 (0) 8 703 68 00 
Torshamnsgatan 48                                                                                      info@sivers-semiconductors.com 
SE-164 40 Kista                                                                                                 www.sivers-semiconductors.com 
 
 
Sivers Semiconductors and Ayar Labs to expand their 
partnership on enabling high volume manufacturing of optical 
I/O solutions for scalable cost-effective AI infrastructure 
The strengthened partnership framework will focus on product qualification and 
manufacturing readiness of Sivers high precision laser arrays for high volume 
deployment of optical I/O solutions in AI Datacenters 
 
Kista, Sweden – December 19, 2024 – Sivers Semiconductors AB (STO:SIVE), a global leader 
in photonics and wireless technologies, is in advanced discussions with its strategic 
customer, Ayar Labs, to partner on the next phase of engagement focused on 
manufacturing at scale to support deployment of Ayar labs in -package optical 
interconnect solutions. 
Successful large-scale deployment of high-bandwidth, energy efficient AI Datacenters will require a 
move from copper to optical I/O interconnects, a necessity now widely acknowledged by many in the 
industry including ecosystem pioneers such as Nvidia, AMD, Intel, and several hyperscalers. The 
emphasis is firmly shifting from initial development of solutions to the enablement of a robust 
manufacturing eco-system in the next couple of years to support deployments at scale. Ayar Labs is 
a key innovator at the forefront of developing optical I/O solutions for AI data centers. 
Mark Wade, CEO of Ayar Labs said “Ayar Labs, a strategic customer of Sivers Semiconductors, intends 
to expand its relationship with Sivers Semiconductors through NRE and pre-purchase of products to 
prepare for high volume deployment of optical I/O to address bandwidth bottlenecks in AI 
infrastructure." 
“Having recently announced closing their $155 million Series D round led by Advent Global 
Opportunities, Light Street Capital and with participation from Nvidia and other top tier chip companies, 
Ayar Labs is positioned extremely well strategically, technically, and financially to be a very significant 
customer for Sivers’ high performance laser arrays as shipment volumes are expected to ramp in the 
next 18-24 months”, said Vickram Vathulya, CEO of Sivers Semiconductors. “The continued enthusiasm 
and funding from top-tier chipmakers, foundries, and investment firms into Ayar Labs is a testament to 
the market conviction in their optical I/O solution as a breakthrough innovation for AI Datacenters. Sivers’ 
high-performance laser arrays are critical enablers for optical I/O solutions in AI Datacenters. We are 
enthusiastic about the potential for our strategic partnership with Ayar Labs and look forward to this 
next stage of our collaboration centered around achieving manufacturing readiness and production 
scale." 
 
 
  
 
Sivers Semiconductors AB (publ)                                                    Tel: +46 (0) 8 703 68 00 
Torshamnsgatan 48                                                                                      info@sivers-semiconductors.com 
SE-164 40 Kista                                                                                                 www.sivers-semiconductors.com 
 
 
 
 
Contact 
Vickram Vathulya, CEO of Sivers Semiconductors 
Tel: +1-408-594-9828 
E-mail: ir@sivers-semiconductors.com 
 
About Ayar Labs 
Ayar Labs is the leader in optical interconnect solutions that move data at the speed of AI. 
Recognizing that the complexity and size of AI models are increasing at a rate that traditional 
interconnect technology cannot handle, the company has developed the industry’s first optical I/O 
solution that enables customers to maximize the compute efficiency and performance of growing 
AI infrastructure, while reducing costs, latency and power consumption. Based on open standards 
and optimized for both AI training and inference, Ayar Labs’ optical I/O solution is backed by a 
robust ecosystem that enables it to integrate smoothly into AI systems at scale. Ayar Labs was 
founded in 2015. For more information, visit www.ayarlabs.com. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
About Sivers Semiconductors  We are Critical Enablers of a Greener Data Economy with Energy Efﬁcient Photonics & 
Wireless Solutions. Our differentiated high precision laser and RF beamformer technologies help our customers in key 
markets such as AI Data Centers, SATCOM, Defense and Telecom solve essential performance challenges while enabling 
a much greener footprint. Visit us at: www.sivers-semiconductors.com. (SIVE.ST) 
 