SOURCE: Open Compute Project — Universal Quick Disconnect (UQD) Specification Revision 1.0（Author: Mark Sprenger, Intel Corporation）
URL: https://www.opencompute.org/documents/ocp-universal-quick-disconnect-uqd-specification-rev-1-0-2-pdf
PUBLISHED: 2020-09-04（規格書每頁頁首日期 9/4/2020）
RETRIEVED: 2026-10-06
STORAGE: repo_excerpt（開放規格，研究必要的有限節錄）
NOTE: 第三方標準文件（OCP；貢獻者 Intel）。節錄：範圍與定義（p.4）、耐久與漏液與壓力（p.9–10）、標示與致謝（p.11）。PDF 文字層抽取，表格欄位次序照抽取結果。

2. Scope & Overview
Scope:
This document defines the technical specifications for the Universal Quick Disconnect (UQD) used in non-
combustible single-phase (water/glycol) systems for liquid cooling of electronics.
Overview:
In liquid cooled systems, fluid is transported under pressure within a Technology Cooling System (TCS)
fluid loop [1].  The IT equipment loop is joined to the TCS using a fluid connector.
This specification defines the fluid connector as Universal Quick Disconnect (UQD) with interface
dimensions for universal interchangeability and defines acceptable performance for a hand-mate, drip-
free, hot-pluggable, fluid line connector for use in TCS for electronics. The UQD maintains a leak-tight
seal under pressure when coupled and on both sides when decoupled.
2.1 Terms & Definitions
Plug
The male side of the coupling
Socket
The female side of the coupling
Coupled
The state when the plug and socket are fully engaged and locked together
Coupling
The act of connecting the plug and socket together so that they are locked together to join a fluid line.
Cv
Flow coefficient defined as 𝐶𝑣 = 𝑄 √∆𝑃⁄ , where Q is flow rate in gallons/min (GPM) and ΔP is pressure
drop in lbs/in² (psi) for water at 60 degrees F
Termination
Both plug and socket have terminations on the ends to connect a tube or pipe to the coupling
UQD
Universal Quick Disconnect
Break
Act of de-coupling the plug and socket
Make
Act of coupling the plug and socket such that the pair are fully mated and locked
Universal Quick Disconnect
Fully interchangeable with other plug and socket parts meeting the UQD Requirements of the same
nominal size
KPI
Key Performance Indicator
UQD02
Universal Quick Disconnect Dash 02 (1/8”)
UQD04
Universal Quick Disconnect Dash 04 (1/4”)
UQD06
Universal Quick Disconnect Dash 06 (3/8”)
UQD08
Universal Quick Disconnect Dash 08 (1/2”)

3. Feature & Dimensional Requirements
Physical features of the socket shall conform to the dimensions shown in Figure 2 UQD Socket
Dimensions and given in Table 1 UQD Socket Dimensional Specification.  Physical features of the plug
shall conform to the dimensions shown in Figure 3 UQD Plug Dimensions and given by Table 2 UQD
Plug Dimensional Specification.  Where no dimension is given the geometry is left to the discretion of the
manufacturer and should consider end user (datacenter environment) requirements for fit and function.

4.2 Shelf & Service Life Requirements
UQD performance requirements shall be met when exposed to the following life cycles at end of life.
Table 5 Life Requirements
Parameter Requirement Priority
Shelf Life1 5 years Required
Service Life2 10 Years Required

4.3 Durability Requirements
The socket must withstand 5000 make and break cycles. All performance requirements listed in  Section 4
Performance Requirements must be met or exceeded when the socket and plug are mated in the first
(time 0) and 5000th cycle and at end of service life required in Table 5

Table 6 Fluid Loss Requirement.  Fluid loss requirements to be measured with water as the fluid medium.

1 Shelf life is defined as the period of time after manufacturing and prior to service that the component
must remain useable.
2 Service life is defined as the period of time following a period of shelf life (storage), including time zero
up to the maximum shelf life, that last up to end of service life.
=== PAGE 10 ===
Open Compute Project  Universal Quick Disconnect (UQD) Specification
9/4/2020 Page 10

Table 6 Fluid Loss Requirement
Parameter UQD02 UQD04 UQD06 UQD08 Priority
Maximum fluid loss per
couple/decouple cycle
at 0 psi
0.020 ml 0.025 ml 0.035 ml 0.070 ml Required

4.5 Flow Rate, Pressure and Temperature Requirements

Table 7 Flow and Temperature Requirements
Parameter UQD02 UQD04 UQD06 UQD08 Priority
Maximum
operating pressure 100 psi Required
Minimum burst
pressure 300 psi Required
Minimum Cv3  0.25 0.80 1.60 2.50 Required
Flow Rating4
At least
0.55
GPM
At least
1.7 GPM
At least
3.0 GPM
At Least
4.7
GPM
Recommended
Manufacturer discretion
(ratings shall be
published by supplier)
Operating
temperature
range5
17°C - 65°C Required
Shipping
temperature
range6
-40°C – 75°C Required

5.1 Identification
Within digital or printed catalogs supplier shall identify products meeting these requirements as
“Dimensional & performance requirements conform to OCP Universal Quick Disconnect (UQD)
Specification rev 1.0”
6. Wetted Materials
Wetted materials shall be compatible with DOW Chemical DOWFROST™ LC25 [9] and Huntsman
Chemical JEFFCOOL® ISF-25 heat transfer fluids [10]. Supplier is responsible to confirm all materials
used in the UQD are compatible with the coolant fluids above and within the operating parameters
specified in this document.  If coolant fluid is other than stated above supplier should confirm the
materials used are compatible with end user fluid chemistry.
7. Safety and Regulatory Requirements
As a minimum supplier shall meet the requirements of IEC62368-1 clause G.15.
8. Acknowledgements
Would like to thank the following companies and people for their contribution to this specification.  From Avic Jonhon
Optronic Technology Company, Ella Li and Hanyu Lou. From CPC (Colder Products Company), Dennis Downs,
Elizabeth Langer and Barry Nielsen. From Fujikura, Thang Nguyen and Vijit Wuttijumnong. From Intel Corporation,
Peggy Burroughs, Juan Cevallos, Peipei Ding, Jessica Gullbrand, Jordan Johnson, David Shia, Rodel Samiley, Sean
Sivapalan and Casey Winkel. From LBNL Open Specification for a Liquid Cooled Rack Working Group, Dale Sartor.
From Parker Hannifin Corporation, Quick Coupling Division, Cameron Koller, Todd Lambert, Timothy Marquis and
Lenny Nick.  From Stäubli, Jean-Christophe Duisit and Nicolas Monnier.
