SOURCE: Optical Internetworking Forum — External Laser Small Form Factor Pluggable (ELSFP) Implementation Agreement, OIF-ELSFP-02.0
URL: https://www.oiforum.com/wp-content/uploads/OIF-ELSFP-02.0.pdf
PUBLISHED: 2025-01（OIF 標準 2.0 版；1.0 版 2023-08）
RETRIEVED: 2026-10-06
STORAGE: repo_excerpt（開放標準，研究必要的有限節錄）
NOTE: 第三方標準文件（OIF）。節錄：§1 Introduction／Objectives、§1.1 Applications 的設計理由、§3.5 光功率等級表。發布月份依 OIF 公告與轉載（2.0 版 2025 年 1 月），規格 PDF 本身的日期未另核。

1 Introduction
Figure 1 ELSFP module
The External Laser Small Form-Factor Pluggable (ELSFP) is a faceplate pluggable form factor to address
the laser packaging requirements for co-packaged optical (CPO) systems with optical engines (OEs)
which do not have integrated lasers, but rather choose to locate lasers external to the OE.

1.0 Objectives
The ELSFP module includes a blindmate optical connector to ensure a safe method to field replace lasers
in the event of failure.  Flexibility has been added to the form factor to enable a range of applications
from massive scale data center switches to special purpose optically enabled ASICs.

The ELSFP is targeted primarily at CPO applications, which may include but are not limited to the use of
external lasers to provide optical power to the OEs incorporated in switches, network interface cards,
artificial intelligent and machine learning application specific integrated circuits (ASICs), and more. The
major advantages of this form factor are to reliably provide a replaceable light source package, couple
that light in a safe way to maintain the system as an IEC 60825-2 Hazard Level 1 product, and decouple
the thermal environment of the laser from that of the co-packaged ASIC assembly. Lasers have
historically demonstrated significantly lower maximum reliable junction temperatures than silicon die
(including silicon photonic circuit elements and germanium photodetectors). By placing the ELSFP at the
faceplate of CPO systems (removed from the heat of the co-package ASIC and OEs) a more efficient
cooling solution can be designed for these systems, and greater reliability is achievable with the fail-safe
of a field replaceable pluggable module in case of a laser failure.

Figure 3 Possible laser solutions for Co-Packaged Optical Systems.
Figure 3 shows an example of the many possible solutions to provide laser light to CPO
modules. The ELSFP defines 2 types of Front Panel Pluggable Laser Sources (FPLS) which
enables a compact, eye safe, and versatile solution. Explicitly, 2a (Conventional ELSFP) and 2b
(Pass-Through ELSFP) which are mechanically compatible with the same fundamental ELSFP
port design assuming their keying features are compatible.

3.5 Optical Power Classes
Table 6 specifies the nominal fiber optical power for each of the optical power classes is measured at
TPL2 described in §7.4.1. The power is specified per wavelength per core and follows the naming
convention proposed in the ITU nomenclature for radio frequency band naming [18], so can be
expanded to lower or high powers as required.
Table 6 Optical power classes
Optical Power Classes Power/λ/Core (+/- 1.5dB)
Low Power - LP 11dBm
Medium Power - MP 14dBm
High Power - HP 17dBm
Very High Power - VHP 20dBm
Ultra High Power - UHP 23dBm
Super High Power - SHP 26dBm
