Source URL: https://www.opencpxmsa.org/wp-content/uploads/OpenCPX-Specification-v1.0.pdf

Excerpt:
[Abstract, p.1]
Open CPX Specification 1.0 1 Open CPX MSA Specification for Co-packaged and Near-Package Connector and Optics Module Rev 1.0 2026 September 16 Abstract: This document provides a common specification for systems manufacturers, system integrators, and suppliers of connectors and modules regarding co-packaged and near-package optics modules based on high-density electrical connectors supporting co-packaged and near-package copper and/or optics as physical media and expected to operate at electrical rates of up to 212.5 Gbps/lane towards the host ASIC. The pluggable form factor definition comprises electrical, optical, mechanical, thermal, and software/firmware interoperability requirements. Existing standards and specifications such as found in IEEE802.3 or in the OIF are re-used to the maximum extent reasonable. Certain compliance point specifications and associated test methodologies are adapted to Open CPX use cases as necessary. Points of Contact: Editor Peter Winzer pwinzer@ciena.com Chair Ian Alderdice ialderdi@ciena.com Co-Chair Justin Abbot justin.abbott@coherent.com Co-Chair Rang-Chen Yu rangchen.yu@terahop.com Website: www.OpenCPXMSA.org Limitations on the Use of this Information: This specification is provided “AS IS” with no warranties whatsoever, including any warranty of merchantability, non-infringement, fitness for any particular purpose, or any warranty otherwise arising out of any proposal, specification, or sample. The authors disclaim all liability, including liability for infringement of any proprietary rights, relating to use of information in this specification. In no event shall the Open CPX MSA participants be liable for any direct, indirect, special, exemplary, punitive, or consequential damages, including, without limitation, lost profits, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.

[Section 4 Functional Specification, p.16]
Open CPX Specification 1.0 16 that each combine RF and MP pin fields. While the example module shown has two fiber ribbon bundles emerging at the line side interface, other fiber solutions are allowed as per Section 5.1. Figure 3-4: Type-2 CPX socket and module with two mounting options 4 Functional Specification Figure 4-1 gives a functional description of a CPX External-Laser Module (ELM) using an external laser source (ELS), e.g., an External Laser Small Form Factor Pluggable (ELSFP). Figure 4-2 gives a functional description of an Internal-Laser Module (ILM) using a module-integrated laser source. Both ELM and ILM can intermate with Type-1 or Type-2 CPX sockets. Table 4-1 summarizes the compatibility between mechanical socket types (Type-1 and Type-2) and CPX module types (Type-1-ELM, Type-2-ELM, Type-1-ILM, Type-2-ILM). Table 4-1: CPX socket and module compatibility matrix ELM ILM T ype-1 T ype-2 T ype-1 T ype-2 Type-1 socket X X Type-2 socket X X Type-1 CPX sockets and modules shall interface with a host ASIC via up to Nch = 32 electrical channels, each electrical channel comprising one differential electrical transmit lane and one differential electrical receive lane, i.e., a total of 64 differential electrical lanes. Each differential electrical lane is composed of two electrical conductors (positive: p, negative: n). All 64 differential electrical lanes shall be able to operate independent of each other, i.e. shall be able to process independent data signals and shall be able to be individually turned on and off. Depopulated Type- 1 CPX modules using N ch < 32 electrical channels, e.g. 16 electrical channels, can be plugged into Type-1 CPX sockets as long as such modules meet all the form factor requirements and all the per-channel electrical, optical, power, and thermal specifications set forth for a fully populated 32-channel module. The number of available channels is advertised via CMIS and shall be visible on the module as part of the module product code, cf. Section 0. Compliant partially populated Type-1 CPX modules shall populate the first N ch electrical channels in the RF pin map. Type-2 CPX sockets and modules shall interface with a host ASIC via up to Nch = 36 electrical channels, i.e., a total of 72 differential electrical lanes. Depopulated Type-2 CPX modules using an electrical channel count N ch that is different from 36, e.g. 32, 18, or 16, can be plugged into Type-2 CPX sockets as long as such modules m eet all the form factor requirements and all the per-channel electrical, optical, power, and thermal specifications set forth for a fully populated 36-

[Section 4 Functional Specification, p.17]
Open CPX Specification 1.0 17 channel module. The number of available channels shall be advertised via CMIS and shall be visible on the module as part of the module product code, cf. Section 0. Compliant partially populated Type-2 CPX modules shall populate the first N ch electrical channels in the RF pin map. All references to “TX” and “Transmitter” refer to signals being electrically transmitted from the host ASIC and received by the CPX module on differential electrical transmit lanes (TXe) as well as signals being optically transmitted from the CPX module on optical transmit fibers (TXo). All references to “RX” and “Receiver” refer to signals being optically received by the CPX module on optical receive fibers (RXo) as well as electrically transmitted from the CPX module and received by the host ASIC on differential electrical receive lanes (RXe). For the single-wavelength non-gearboxed optical interfaces covered as line-side interfaces in this specification, each electrical transmit signal shall be converted to an optical transmit signal using an optical transmitter (OTX) and the number of optical transmit fibers shall be the same as the number of electrical transmit lanes. Likewise, each optical receive signal shall be converted to an electrical receive signal using an optical receiver (ORX) and the number of optical receive fibers shall be the same as the number of electrical receive lanes. Gearboxing and optically multiplexing modules, such as multi-wavelength Ethernet-FR or OCI- MSA based modules using the CPX form factor definitions are possible. These are beyond the scope of the current specification and may be included in future releases of this specification. A module-integrated micro-controller (uC) shall provide a module management interface via CMIS as well as control pins discussed further in Sect ion 0. For CPX ELMs, the uC shall also provide interfacing to its associated ELS. The associated signals are discussed further in Section 0. The Module is powered by a main supply voltage r ail Vdc at 12V and an auxiliary supply voltage rail Vcc at 3.3V. Figure 4-1: Functional diagram of an External-laser CPX module (ELM)

[Section 5.12 CPX Module Label, p.35]
Open CPX Specification 1.0 35 5.12 CPX Module Label Each CPX module shall have a label to identify the module. The label identifier must start with the following codes: • Type-1-ELM: CPX-T1E-{Nch}-{xxx} • Type-2-ELM: CPX-T2E-{Nch}-{xxx} • Type-1-ILM: CPX-T1I-{Nch}-{xxx} • Type-2-ILM: CPX-T2I-{Nch}-{xxx} The variable {Nch} specifies the populated number of channels, e.g., 16, 18, 32, 36. The label may further contain vendor-specific information {xxx}. The label shall be placed on the module surface opposite to the fiber escape surface as shown in Figure 3-3.