IQE PLC

14 July 2026

IQE plc

Cardiff, UK

14 July 2026

IQE secures $14 million production order with strategic customer for AI and datacentre markets

· Order secured from strategic global technology customer

· Strengthens IQE's position within growing AI and datacentre ecosystems

· Ongoing development supports next-generation data communications technologies

IQE plc (AIM: IQE, "IQE" or the "Group"), the leading global supplier of compound semiconductor wafer products and advanced material solutions, is pleased to announce it has secured a multi-year production order valued at $14 million from a strategic global technology customer.

The order, which is to be manufactured at IQE's Newport foundry, supports applications serving AI and datacentre markets, where increasing data generation and hyperscale infrastructure requirements are driving demand for high-performance storage technologies.

In addition to the production order, IQE continues to engage with the customer on future opportunities, including the development of next-generation technologies supporting multiple stages of the customer's data lifecycle.

Jutta Meier, Chief Executive Officer of IQE, commented:

"We are pleased to have secured this production order with a strategic global technology leader, supporting the rapid growth of AI and datacentre markets from IQE's volume manufacturing facility at Newport and expected to build over the coming years.

This highlights the role IQE plays supporting high-performance infrastructure from the datacentre to the edge, enabled by our differentiated epitaxy portfolio, which also includes indium phosphide optical communications, silicon photonics and gallium arsenide VCSEL-based datacom applications."

Contacts:

IQE plc

+44 (0) 29 2083 9400

Jutta Meier

Mark Cubitt

Amy Barlow

Peel Hunt (Nomad and Joint Broker)

+44 (0) 20 7418 8900

Ben Cryer

Kate Bannatyne

Adam Telling

Deutsche Numis (Joint Broker)

+44 (0) 20 7260 1000

Hugo Rubinstein

Iqra Amin

Headland Consultancy (Financial PR)
+ 44 (0) 20 38054822

Andy Rivett-Carnac: +44 (0) 7968 997 365

Chloe Francklin: +44 (0)78 3497 4624

ABOUT IQE

http://iqep.com

IQE is the leading global supplier of advanced compound semiconductor wafers and materials solutions that enable a diverse range of applications across:

· Smart Connected Devices

· Communications Infrastructure

· Automotive and Industrial

· Aerospace and Security

As a scaled global epitaxy wafer manufacturer, IQE is uniquely positioned in this market which has high barriers to entry. IQE supplies the global market and is enabling customers to innovate at chip and OEM level. By leveraging the Group's intellectual property portfolio including know-how and patents, it produces epitaxy wafers of superior quality, yield and unit economics.

IQE is headquartered in Cardiff UK, with employees across manufacturing locations in the UK, US and Taiwan, and is listed on the AIM Stock Exchange in London.

This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com.

RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy.

END
